oauth sso bootstrap documentation (#3539)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/single-sign-on.mdx

Please see the [SAML IdP](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/saml/) and [OIDC documentation](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/) or the single sign-on documentation for the application you're looking to integrate with for more.

> ### Bootstrapping SSO via Proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bootstrapping SSO Session After Login
```

<Aside type="version">Available in FusionAuth 1.56.0</Aside>

> In certain scenarios you may have authenticated a user outside of the typical OAuth flow. In such cases you can still acquire an SSO session from FusionAuth as long as you have a valid access token for the user. The way to do this is to redirect the browser to the `/oauth2/authorize` endpoint and provide the access token JWT as a Bearer token in the `Authorization` header. If the token is valid, FusionAuth will create an SSO session and redirect the browser back to the `redirect_uri` you provided.

Reviewer: Removed `redirect` because we actually don't know if this is a redirect vs. someone just clicking a link. And some suggested rewording.

```suggestion
In certain scenarios you may have authenticated a user outside of the typical OAuth flow. In such cases you can still acquire an SSO session from FusionAuth as long as you have a valid access token for the user. To do this, take the user's browser to the `/oauth2/authorize` endpoint and provide the access token JWT as a Bearer token in the `Authorization` header. If the token is valid, FusionAuth will create an SSO session and redirect the browser to the `redirect_uri` you provided. The `redirect_uri` must be an authorized URI, registered with the given application. See the [OAuth Authorize](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints#authorize) documentation for details. 
```

In order to use this feature you must enable the setting on the tenant either via the <InlineField>Allow access token bootstrap</InlineField> setting in the [Admin UI](/docs/get-started/core-concepts/tenants#oauth) or by setting the `tenant.ssoConfiguration.allowAccessTokenBootstrap` field to `true` in the [Tenant API](/docs/apis/tenants).

> Because browsers do not provide a way to set the `Authorization` header in a redirect, you must use a server-side proxy to make the request to FusionAuth. The proxy will need to set the `Authorization` header in the redirect of the browser to the `/oauth2/authorize` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that because browsers do not provide a way to set the `Authorization` header when browsing to a location, you will need to add that header using a reverse proxy or some other method.

The header will need to be in the following form:
<code-replaceme>
Authorization: Bearer <access token>
</code-replaceme>
```

Please see the [SAML IdP](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/saml/) and [OIDC documentation](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/) or the single sign-on documentation for the application you're looking to integrate with for more.

### Bootstrapping a SSO Session After Login
<Aside type="version">Available in FusionAuth 1.56.0</Aside>

> In certain scenarios you may have authenticated a user outside of the typical OAuth flow. In such cases you can still acquire an SSO session from FusionAuth as long as you have a valid access token for the user. To do this, take the user's browser to the `/oauth2/authorize` endpoint and provide the access token JWT as a Bearer token in the `Authorization` header. If the token is valid, FusionAuth will create an SSO session and redirect the browser to the `redirect_uri` you provided. The `redirect_uri` must be an authorized URI, registered with the given application. See the [OAuth Authorize](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints#authorize) documentation for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In certain scenarios you may have authenticated a user outside of the typical OAuth flow. In such cases you can still acquire an SSO session from FusionAuth as long as you have a valid access token for the user. To do this, take the user's browser to the `/oauth2/authorize` endpoint and provide the access token as a `Bearer` token in the `Authorization` header. If the token is valid, FusionAuth will create an SSO session and redirect the browser to the `redirect_uri` you provided. The `redirect_uri` must be an authorized URI, registered with the given application. See the [OAuth Authorize](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints#authorize) documentation for details.
```
